docs: add new migration guide (#568)
IBM/openapi-validator: Migration-Guide.md

# Migration Guide
This migration guide is intended to help users migrate from the version 0.x pre-release of the IBM OpenAPI Validator
to the new version 1.0 official release.

## Minimum Node version
The minimum supported version of Node.js remains at version 14.x.

## API
The v0.x pre-release validator supported an API to enable users to invoke the validator programmatically
from a javascript application.
This API is no longer supported in the v1.x validator; however, if there is a need to enable the
validator to be invoked programmatically from the user's application, then it could be considered
for a future release.

## CLI Changes
Changes were made to the command-line options supported by the validator:  
1. In the v0.x pre-release validator, the `-c`/`--config` option was used to specify the name
of the user's configuration file to use instead of `.validaterc`.  In the new v1.x validator,

> these same options are now used to specify the name of your validator configuration file, which

Reviewer: Sounds more natural to remain singular like you started ("the `-c`/`--config` option")

```suggestion
this same option is now used to specify the name of your validator configuration file, which
```

Author: good catch
